archive/100-theorems-list/73_ascending_descending_sequences.lean : line 110 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
archive/100-theorems-list/73_ascending_descending_sequences.lean : line 112 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
archive/100-theorems-list/73_ascending_descending_sequences.lean : line 141 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
archive/100-theorems-list/73_ascending_descending_sequences.lean : line 94 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
archive/100-theorems-list/82_cubing_a_cube.lean : line 265 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
archive/100-theorems-list/82_cubing_a_cube.lean : line 294 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
archive/100-theorems-list/83_friendship_graphs.lean : line 215 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
archive/100-theorems-list/83_friendship_graphs.lean : line 257 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
archive/imo/imo1959_q1.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
archive/imo/imo1972_b2.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
archive/miu_language/basic.lean : line 53 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
archive/sensitivity.lean : line 406 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
archive/sensitivity.lean : line 409 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
archive/sensitivity.lean : line 410 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
archive/sensitivity.lean : line 411 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
archive/sensitivity.lean : line 412 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
archive/sensitivity.lean : line 413 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
archive/sensitivity.lean : line 414 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
archive/sensitivity.lean : line 415 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
archive/sensitivity.lean : line 416 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
archive/sensitivity.lean : line 420 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/algebra/subalgebra.lean : line 393 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/archimedean.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/algebra/category/Algebra/basic.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/algebra/category/CommRing/basic.lean : line 157 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/CommRing/basic.lean : line 191 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/CommRing/colimits.lean : line 293 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/CommRing/colimits.lean : line 294 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/CommRing/colimits.lean : line 295 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/CommRing/colimits.lean : line 304 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/CommRing/colimits.lean : line 330 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/CommRing/colimits.lean : line 399 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/CommRing/colimits.lean : line 46 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/CommRing/colimits.lean : line 47 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/CommRing/limits.lean : line 218 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/CommRing/limits.lean : line 329 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/CommRing/limits.lean : line 50 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/Group/limits.lean : line 103 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/Group/limits.lean : line 149 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/Group/limits.lean : line 156 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/Group/limits.lean : line 164 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/Group/limits.lean : line 176 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/Group/limits.lean : line 204 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/Group/limits.lean : line 83 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/Group/limits.lean : line 91 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/Group/zero.lean : line 12 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/Module/basic.lean : line 106 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/Module/basic.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/algebra/category/Module/basic.lean : line 129 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/Module/basic.lean : line 131 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/Module/basic.lean : line 58 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/Module/basic.lean : line 96 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/Module/limits.lean : line 120 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/Module/limits.lean : line 48 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/Module/monoidal.lean : line 103 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/Module/monoidal.lean : line 167 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/Module/monoidal.lean : line 39 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/Mon/colimits.lean : line 150 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/Mon/limits.lean : line 148 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/Mon/limits.lean : line 155 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/Mon/limits.lean : line 163 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/Mon/limits.lean : line 175 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/category/Mon/limits.lean : line 183 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/char_zero.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/algebra/continued_fractions/computation/approximations.lean : line 21 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/continued_fractions/computation/approximations.lean : line 23 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/continued_fractions/computation/approximations.lean : line 25 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/continued_fractions/computation/correctness_terminating.lean : line 149 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/continued_fractions/computation/correctness_terminating.lean : line 210 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/continued_fractions/computation/correctness_terminating.lean : line 48 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/continued_fractions/computation/correctness_terminating.lean : line 82 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/continued_fractions/computation/translations.lean : line 102 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/continued_fractions/computation/translations.lean : line 112 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/continued_fractions/computation/translations.lean : line 162 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/continued_fractions/computation/translations.lean : line 17 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/continued_fractions/computation/translations.lean : line 22 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/continued_fractions/computation/translations.lean : line 34 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/continued_fractions/computation/translations.lean : line 92 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/continued_fractions/convergents_equiv.lean : line 281 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/continued_fractions/terminated_stable.lean : line 28 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/direct_limit.lean : line 242 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/direct_limit.lean : line 464 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/divisibility.lean : line 230 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/euclidean_domain.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/algebra/field.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/algebra/field_power.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/algebra/free_algebra.lean : line 277 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/free_algebra.lean : line 279 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/free_algebra.lean : line 337 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/free_algebra.lean : line 36 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/free_monoid.lean : line 59 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/geom_sum.lean : line 13 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/algebra/group/basic.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/algebra/group/defs.lean : line 288 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/group/defs.lean : line 367 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/group/defs.lean : line 370 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/group/prod.lean : line 255 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/group/prod.lean : line 256 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/group/with_one.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/algebra/group_action_hom.lean : line 270 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/group_power/basic.lean : line 414 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/group_power/basic.lean : line 501 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/group_power/lemmas.lean : line 536 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/group_with_zero/basic.lean : line 236 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/group_with_zero/basic.lean : line 257 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/group_with_zero/power.lean : line 153 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/invertible.lean : line 216 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/invertible.lean : line 224 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/invertible.lean : line 233 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/invertible.lean : line 84 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/lie/basic.lean : line 1069 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/lie/basic.lean : line 1250 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/lie/basic.lean : line 241 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/lie/basic.lean : line 245 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/lie/basic.lean : line 385 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/lie/basic.lean : line 68 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/lie/basic.lean : line 83 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/lie/classical.lean : line 124 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/lie/classical.lean : line 215 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/lie/classical.lean : line 363 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/linear_recurrence.lean : line 172 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/module/basic.lean : line 117 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/module/basic.lean : line 343 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/module/ordered.lean : line 182 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/module/ordered.lean : line 190 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/module/ordered.lean : line 193 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/module/pi.lean : line 63 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/module/pi.lean : line 77 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/module/submodule.lean : line 14 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/monoid_algebra.lean : line 627 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/monoid_algebra.lean : line 776 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/monoid_algebra.lean : line 832 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/monoid_algebra.lean : line 841 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/monoid_algebra.lean : line 852 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/ordered_group.lean : line 369 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/ordered_group.lean : line 371 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/ordered_group.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/algebra/ordered_ring.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/algebra/polynomial/big_operators.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/algebra/punit_instances.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/algebra/quandle.lean : line 462 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/quandle.lean : line 66 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/quandle.lean : line 67 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/ring/pi.lean : line 67 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/ring_quot.lean : line 293 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebra/ring_quot.lean : line 46 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebraic_geometry/Scheme.lean : line 29 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebraic_geometry/locally_ringed_space.lean : line 18 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebraic_geometry/locally_ringed_space.lean : line 65 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebraic_geometry/presheafed_space/has_colimits.lean : line 206 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebraic_geometry/presheafed_space/has_colimits.lean : line 252 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebraic_geometry/sheafed_space.lean : line 50 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebraic_geometry/sheafed_space.lean : line 82 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebraic_geometry/stalks.lean : line 47 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/algebraic_geometry/stalks.lean : line 48 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/analytic/basic.lean : line 206 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/analytic/basic.lean : line 349 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/analytic/basic.lean : line 574 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/analytic/basic.lean : line 675 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/analytic/basic.lean : line 755 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/analytic/composition.lean : line 161 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/analytic/composition.lean : line 204 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/analytic/composition.lean : line 242 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/analytic/composition.lean : line 905 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/analytic/composition.lean : line 906 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/analytic/composition.lean : line 909 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/analytic/composition.lean : line 949 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/calculus/deriv.lean : line 1086 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/calculus/deriv.lean : line 308 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/calculus/fderiv.lean : line 1927 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/calculus/fderiv.lean : line 205 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/calculus/fderiv.lean : line 2351 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/calculus/fderiv.lean : line 2520 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/calculus/fderiv.lean : line 307 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/calculus/fderiv.lean : line 404 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/calculus/fderiv.lean : line 974 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/calculus/iterated_deriv.lean : line 122 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/calculus/iterated_deriv.lean : line 77 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/calculus/local_extr.lean : line 22 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/calculus/local_extr.lean : line 305 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/calculus/mean_value.lean : line 455 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/calculus/mean_value.lean : line 456 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/calculus/mean_value.lean : line 476 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/calculus/mean_value.lean : line 491 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/calculus/mean_value.lean : line 682 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/calculus/mean_value.lean : line 910 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/calculus/tangent_cone.lean : line 250 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/calculus/times_cont_diff.lean : line 1402 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/calculus/times_cont_diff.lean : line 1813 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/calculus/times_cont_diff.lean : line 2438 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/calculus/times_cont_diff.lean : line 2456 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/calculus/times_cont_diff.lean : line 525 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/calculus/times_cont_diff.lean : line 689 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/calculus/times_cont_diff.lean : line 846 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/complex/polynomial.lean : line 49 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/convex/basic.lean : line 1131 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/convex/basic.lean : line 1191 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/convex/basic.lean : line 728 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/convex/caratheodory.lean : line 76 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/convex/extrema.lean : line 50 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/convex/extrema.lean : line 96 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/hofer.lean : line 41 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/mean_inequalities.lean : line 127 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/mean_inequalities.lean : line 338 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/banach.lean : line 184 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/basic.lean : line 1139 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/basic.lean : line 297 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/basic.lean : line 459 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/basic.lean : line 461 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/basic.lean : line 574 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/basic.lean : line 67 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/bounded_linear_maps.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/analysis/normed_space/bounded_linear_maps.lean : line 154 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/bounded_linear_maps.lean : line 165 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/bounded_linear_maps.lean : line 261 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/bounded_linear_maps.lean : line 392 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/bounded_linear_maps.lean : line 447 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/finite_dimension.lean : line 171 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/finite_dimension.lean : line 262 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/inner_product.lean : line 1048 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/inner_product.lean : line 1085 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/inner_product.lean : line 1282 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/inner_product.lean : line 1284 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/inner_product.lean : line 1292 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/inner_product.lean : line 1316 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/inner_product.lean : line 1322 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/inner_product.lean : line 1323 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/inner_product.lean : line 1389 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/inner_product.lean : line 350 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/inner_product.lean : line 816 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/inner_product.lean : line 835 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/multilinear.lean : line 1022 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/multilinear.lean : line 110 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/multilinear.lean : line 143 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/multilinear.lean : line 332 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/multilinear.lean : line 409 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/multilinear.lean : line 684 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/multilinear.lean : line 723 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/multilinear.lean : line 761 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/multilinear.lean : line 894 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/multilinear.lean : line 927 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/operator_norm.lean : line 234 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/operator_norm.lean : line 34 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/operator_norm.lean : line 641 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/operator_norm.lean : line 87 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/arsinh.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/analysis/special_functions/pow.lean : line 1357 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/pow.lean : line 295 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/pow.lean : line 296 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/pow.lean : line 548 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1017 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1051 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 106 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1071 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1076 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1083 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1125 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1128 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1130 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 131 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1436 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1450 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1453 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1456 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1467 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1471 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1483 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1491 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1656 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1657 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1659 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1688 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1690 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1693 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1707 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1717 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1778 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1829 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1879 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 1951 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 2134 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 2215 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 2218 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 2325 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 2328 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 2424 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/special_functions/trigonometric.lean : line 2468 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/specific_limits.lean : line 567 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/abelian/exact.lean : line 70 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/abelian/exact.lean : line 76 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/abelian/non_preadditive.lean : line 190 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/abelian/non_preadditive.lean : line 194 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/abelian/pseudoelements.lean : line 172 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/adjunction/basic.lean : line 12 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/adjunction/basic.lean : line 178 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/adjunction/basic.lean : line 179 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/adjunction/basic.lean : line 286 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/adjunction/basic.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/adjunction/fully_faithful.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/adjunction/limits.lean : line 137 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/adjunction/limits.lean : line 145 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/adjunction/limits.lean : line 42 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/adjunction/limits.lean : line 50 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/adjunction/limits.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/category/Kleisli.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/closed/cartesian.lean : line 329 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/comma.lean : line 47 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/concrete_category/basic.lean : line 112 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/concrete_category/basic.lean : line 116 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/concrete_category/basic.lean : line 128 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/concrete_category/basic.lean : line 134 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/concrete_category/basic.lean : line 138 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/concrete_category/basic.lean : line 142 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/concrete_category/basic.lean : line 146 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/concrete_category/basic.lean : line 155 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/concrete_category/basic.lean : line 163 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/concrete_category/basic.lean : line 69 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/concrete_category/unbundled_hom.lean : line 51 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/conj.lean : line 16 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/const.lean : line 8 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/const.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/core.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/currying.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/currying.lean : line 92 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/discrete_category.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/elements.lean : line 13 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/elements.lean : line 20 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/elements.lean : line 64 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/endomorphism.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/epi_mono.lean : line 14 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/eq_to_hom.lean : line 47 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/eq_to_hom.lean : line 50 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/eq_to_hom.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/equivalence.lean : line 240 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/equivalence.lean : line 245 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/equivalence.lean : line 249 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/equivalence.lean : line 261 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/equivalence.lean : line 298 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/equivalence.lean : line 547 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/equivalence.lean : line 549 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/equivalence.lean : line 56 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/equivalence.lean : line 568 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/equivalence.lean : line 571 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/filtered.lean : line 182 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/full_subcategory.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/fully_faithful.lean : line 9 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/fully_faithful.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/functor.lean : line 17 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/functor.lean : line 19 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/functor_category.lean : line 10 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/functor_category.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/functor_category.lean : line 83 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/functorial.lean : line 14 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/graded_object.lean : line 48 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/graded_object.lean : line 71 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/graded_object.lean : line 96 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/groupoid.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/hom_functor.lean : line 21 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/is_connected.lean : line 124 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/is_connected.lean : line 151 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/is_connected.lean : line 250 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/isomorphism.lean : line 112 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/isomorphism.lean : line 236 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/cofinal.lean : line 184 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/cones.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/cones.lean : line 344 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/cones.lean : line 391 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/cones.lean : line 434 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/cones.lean : line 506 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/cones.lean : line 520 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/cones.lean : line 548 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/connected.lean : line 101 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/connected.lean : line 80 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/creates.lean : line 142 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/creates.lean : line 261 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/creates.lean : line 272 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/creates.lean : line 275 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/creates.lean : line 290 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/creates.lean : line 293 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/creates.lean : line 306 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/creates.lean : line 310 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/creates.lean : line 313 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/creates.lean : line 317 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/creates.lean : line 320 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/creates.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/filtered_colimit_commutes_finite_limit.lean : line 103 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/filtered_colimit_commutes_finite_limit.lean : line 94 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/functor_category.lean : line 115 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/functor_category.lean : line 40 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/functor_category.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/lattice.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/limits.lean : line 1061 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/limits.lean : line 1084 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/limits.lean : line 1092 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/limits.lean : line 1113 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/limits.lean : line 1155 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/limits.lean : line 1418 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/limits.lean : line 1423 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/limits.lean : line 1469 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/limits.lean : line 1503 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/limits.lean : line 1522 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/limits.lean : line 1524 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/limits.lean : line 1566 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/limits.lean : line 1610 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/limits.lean : line 1678 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/limits.lean : line 233 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/limits.lean : line 413 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/limits.lean : line 566 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/limits.lean : line 776 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/limits.lean : line 827 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/opposites.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/over.lean : line 72 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/over.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/pi.lean : line 58 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/pi.lean : line 88 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/preserves/basic.lean : line 101 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/preserves/basic.lean : line 121 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/preserves/basic.lean : line 128 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/preserves/basic.lean : line 269 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/preserves/basic.lean : line 277 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/preserves/basic.lean : line 298 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/preserves/basic.lean : line 336 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/preserves/basic.lean : line 343 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/preserves/basic.lean : line 544 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/preserves/basic.lean : line 67 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/preserves/basic.lean : line 72 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/preserves/basic.lean : line 76 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/preserves/basic.lean : line 99 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/binary_products.lean : line 250 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/binary_products.lean : line 350 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/binary_products.lean : line 355 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/binary_products.lean : line 372 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/binary_products.lean : line 400 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/binary_products.lean : line 418 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/binary_products.lean : line 472 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/binary_products.lean : line 496 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/binary_products.lean : line 502 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/binary_products.lean : line 667 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/binary_products.lean : line 738 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/binary_products.lean : line 84 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/binary_products.lean : line 86 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/binary_products.lean : line 92 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/biproducts.lean : line 128 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/biproducts.lean : line 26 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/biproducts.lean : line 434 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/biproducts.lean : line 631 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/biproducts.lean : line 645 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/constructions/binary_products.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/constructions/over/connected.lean : line 57 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/constructions/over/default.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/constructions/over/products.lean : line 106 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/constructions/over/products.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/constructions/over/products.lean : line 23 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/constructions/over/products.lean : line 25 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/constructions/over/products.lean : line 66 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/constructions/over/products.lean : line 86 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/constructions/over/products.lean : line 87 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/constructions/pullbacks.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/finite_limits.lean : line 146 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/finite_limits.lean : line 149 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/finite_limits.lean : line 186 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/finite_limits.lean : line 193 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/finite_products.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/finite_products.lean : line 58 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/images.lean : line 175 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/images.lean : line 195 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/images.lean : line 659 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/images.lean : line 661 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/images.lean : line 664 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/images.lean : line 669 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/images.lean : line 88 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/images.lean : line 91 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/kernel_pair.lean : line 100 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/kernel_pair.lean : line 116 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/kernel_pair.lean : line 17 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/kernel_pair.lean : line 95 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/kernels.lean : line 133 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/kernels.lean : line 389 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/kernels.lean : line 423 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/kernels.lean : line 567 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/products.lean : line 56 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/products.lean : line 59 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/products.lean : line 60 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/products.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/pullbacks.lean : line 177 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/pullbacks.lean : line 238 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/pullbacks.lean : line 270 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/pullbacks.lean : line 308 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/pullbacks.lean : line 369 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/pullbacks.lean : line 97 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/regular_mono.lean : line 110 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/regular_mono.lean : line 139 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/regular_mono.lean : line 163 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/regular_mono.lean : line 193 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/regular_mono.lean : line 80 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/types.lean : line 40 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/wide_pullbacks.lean : line 84 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/zero.lean : line 124 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/zero.lean : line 271 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/zero.lean : line 67 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/types.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/types.lean : line 179 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/types.lean : line 52 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/types.lean : line 57 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/types.lean : line 93 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monad/adjunction.lean : line 118 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monad/adjunction.lean : line 141 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monad/adjunction.lean : line 30 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monad/adjunction.lean : line 49 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monad/adjunction.lean : line 52 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monad/adjunction.lean : line 68 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monad/adjunction.lean : line 71 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monad/adjunction.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/monad/algebra.lean : line 111 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monad/algebra.lean : line 135 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monad/algebra.lean : line 211 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monad/algebra.lean : line 216 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monad/basic.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/monad/limits.lean : line 107 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monad/limits.lean : line 188 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monad/limits.lean : line 215 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monad/limits.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/monoidal/CommMon_.lean : line 139 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monoidal/Mon_.lean : line 55 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monoidal/braided.lean : line 217 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monoidal/functor.lean : line 215 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monoidal/functor.lean : line 54 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monoidal/functorial.lean : line 111 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monoidal/internal/functor_category.lean : line 101 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monoidal/internal/functor_category.lean : line 177 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monoidal/internal/functor_category.lean : line 181 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monoidal/internal/functor_category.lean : line 97 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monoidal/natural_transformation.lean : line 117 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monoidal/natural_transformation.lean : line 140 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monoidal/natural_transformation.lean : line 142 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monoidal/of_chosen_finite_products.lean : line 336 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monoidal/of_chosen_finite_products.lean : line 351 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monoidal/of_chosen_finite_products.lean : line 74 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monoidal/of_has_finite_products.lean : line 112 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monoidal/of_has_finite_products.lean : line 13 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/monoidal/of_has_finite_products.lean : line 45 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/natural_transformation.lean : line 16 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/natural_transformation.lean : line 18 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/opposites.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/over.lean : line 89 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/products/associator.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/products/basic.lean : line 10 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/products/basic.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/products/bifunctor.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/punit.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/reflects_isomorphisms.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/simple.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/single_obj.lean : line 13 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/skeletal.lean : line 148 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/skeletal.lean : line 165 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/skeletal.lean : line 179 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/skeletal.lean : line 66 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/skeletal.lean : line 72 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/sums/associator.lean : line 63 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/sums/associator.lean : line 64 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/sums/associator.lean : line 65 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/sums/associator.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/sums/basic.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/types.lean : line 102 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/types.lean : line 284 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/types.lean : line 289 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/types.lean : line 290 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/types.lean : line 294 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/types.lean : line 295 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/types.lean : line 89 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/whiskering.lean : line 117 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/whiskering.lean : line 119 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/whiskering.lean : line 183 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/whiskering.lean : line 31 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/whiskering.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/combinatorics/pigeonhole.lean : line 87 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/computability/partrec_code.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/computability/reduce.lean : line 168 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/computability/reduce.lean : line 270 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/computability/reduce.lean : line 52 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/computability/reduce.lean : line 55 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/computability/reduce.lean : line 87 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/computability/reduce.lean : line 94 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/computability/tm_computable.lean : line 110 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/computability/tm_computable.lean : line 124 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/computability/tm_computable.lean : line 129 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/computability/tm_computable.lean : line 145 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/computability/tm_computable.lean : line 152 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/computability/tm_computable.lean : line 153 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/computability/tm_computable.lean : line 161 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/computability/tm_computable.lean : line 167 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/computability/tm_computable.lean : line 191 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/computability/tm_computable.lean : line 204 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/computability/tm_computable.lean : line 213 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/computability/tm_computable.lean : line 223 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/computability/tm_computable.lean : line 230 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/computability/tm_computable.lean : line 95 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/computability/tm_computable.lean : line 97 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/computability/turing_machine.lean : line 69 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/applicative.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/basic.lean : line 193 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/basic.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/bifunctor.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/bitraversable/instances.lean : line 114 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/equiv_functor.lean : line 50 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/fix.lean : line 78 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/fold.lean : line 193 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/fold.lean : line 208 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/functor/multivariate.lean : line 172 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/functor/multivariate.lean : line 177 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/functor/multivariate.lean : line 178 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/lawful_fix.lean : line 242 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/lawful_fix.lean : line 251 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/monad/basic.lean : line 46 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/monad/cont.lean : line 107 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/monad/cont.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/monad/cont.lean : line 80 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/monad/writer.lean : line 104 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/monad/writer.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/monad/writer.lean : line 112 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/monad/writer.lean : line 122 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/monad/writer.lean : line 131 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/monad/writer.lean : line 146 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/monad/writer.lean : line 45 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/monad/writer.lean : line 64 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/monad/writer.lean : line 70 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/traversable/basic.lean : line 33 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/traversable/derive.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/traversable/derive.lean : line 133 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/traversable/derive.lean : line 134 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/traversable/derive.lean : line 210 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/traversable/derive.lean : line 269 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/traversable/derive.lean : line 83 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/traversable/equiv.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/traversable/instances.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/traversable/lemmas.lean : line 18 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/uliftable.lean : line 46 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/uliftable.lean : line 53 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/uliftable.lean : line 73 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/uliftable.lean : line 78 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/analysis/filter.lean : line 146 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/analysis/filter.lean : line 151 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/analysis/filter.lean : line 158 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/analysis/filter.lean : line 163 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/analysis/filter.lean : line 196 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/analysis/filter.lean : line 222 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/analysis/filter.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/analysis/filter.lean : line 90 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/analysis/topology.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/array/lemmas.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/bitvec/basic.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/bitvec/basic.lean : line 58 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/bitvec/basic.lean : line 73 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/bitvec/core.lean : line 15 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/bitvec/core.lean : line 61 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/buffer/basic.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/char.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/complex/basic.lean : line 108 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/complex/basic.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/complex/exponential.lean : line 1177 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/complex/exponential.lean : line 1179 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/complex/exponential.lean : line 1225 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/complex/exponential.lean : line 166 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/complex/exponential.lean : line 549 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/complex/exponential.lean : line 856 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/complex/is_R_or_C.lean : line 44 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/complex/is_R_or_C.lean : line 616 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/complex/is_R_or_C.lean : line 621 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/complex/is_R_or_C.lean : line 633 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/complex/is_R_or_C.lean : line 635 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/complex/is_R_or_C.lean : line 657 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/dlist/basic.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/dlist/instances.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/equiv/denumerable.lean : line 14 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/equiv/encodable/basic.lean : line 13 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/equiv/list.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/equiv/local_equiv.lean : line 296 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/equiv/local_equiv.lean : line 313 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/equiv/local_equiv.lean : line 316 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/equiv/local_equiv.lean : line 333 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/equiv/local_equiv.lean : line 370 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/equiv/local_equiv.lean : line 580 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/equiv/mul_add.lean : line 382 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/equiv/mul_add.lean : line 398 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/equiv/mul_add.lean : line 411 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/equiv/nat.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/erased.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/fin2.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/finset/gcd.lean : line 133 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/finsupp/pointwise.lean : line 57 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/fintype/basic.lean : line 16 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/fintype/basic.lean : line 223 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/fintype/basic.lean : line 290 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/fintype/basic.lean : line 952 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/fintype/basic.lean : line 967 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/fintype/card.lean : line 129 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/fintype/card.lean : line 199 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/fintype/sort.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/holor.lean : line 152 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/holor.lean : line 218 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/holor.lean : line 39 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/holor.lean : line 66 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/indicator_function.lean : line 19 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/indicator_function.lean : line 21 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/indicator_function.lean : line 257 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/int/basic.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/int/cast.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/int/modeq.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/int/parity.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/int/range.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/int/sqrt.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/lazy_list/basic.lean : line 143 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/lazy_list/basic.lean : line 187 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/lazy_list/basic.lean : line 199 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/lazy_list/basic.lean : line 201 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/list/bag_inter.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/basic.lean : line 1648 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/list/basic.lean : line 1656 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/list/chain.lean : line 255 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/list/chain.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/erase_dup.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/forall2.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/func.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/indexes.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/intervals.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/nat_antidiagonal.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/nodup.lean : line 12 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/list/of_fn.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/pairwise.lean : line 251 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/list/pairwise.lean : line 276 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/list/pairwise.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/palindrome.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/perm.lean : line 759 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/list/range.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/range.lean : line 137 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/list/rotate.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/sections.lean : line 32 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/list/sections.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/sigma.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/sigma.lean : line 475 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/list/sigma.lean : line 559 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/list/tfae.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/zip.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/matrix/basic.lean : line 338 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/matrix/basic.lean : line 341 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/matrix/basic.lean : line 500 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/matrix/basic.lean : line 869 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/matrix/basic.lean : line 871 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/matrix/basic.lean : line 924 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/matrix/notation.lean : line 375 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/matrix/pequiv.lean : line 137 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/matrix/pequiv.lean : line 143 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/matrix/pequiv.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/mllist.lean : line 14 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/multiset/basic.lean : line 1036 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/multiset/basic.lean : line 116 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/multiset/basic.lean : line 128 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/multiset/basic.lean : line 1290 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/multiset/basic.lean : line 133 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/multiset/basic.lean : line 1727 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/multiset/basic.lean : line 1736 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/multiset/basic.lean : line 1752 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/multiset/basic.lean : line 1755 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/multiset/basic.lean : line 1944 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/multiset/basic.lean : line 2063 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/multiset/basic.lean : line 543 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/multiset/basic.lean : line 667 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/multiset/basic.lean : line 678 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/multiset/basic.lean : line 685 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/multiset/basic.lean : line 705 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/multiset/basic.lean : line 708 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/multiset/basic.lean : line 720 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/multiset/basic.lean : line 723 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/multiset/basic.lean : line 973 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/multiset/fold.lean : line 25 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/multiset/fold.lean : line 32 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/multiset/fold.lean : line 49 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/multiset/fold.lean : line 69 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/multiset/nodup.lean : line 146 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/multiset/nodup.lean : line 82 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/multiset/nodup.lean : line 92 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/multiset/range.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/mv_polynomial/basic.lean : line 106 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/mv_polynomial/basic.lean : line 158 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/mv_polynomial/basic.lean : line 509 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/mv_polynomial/basic.lean : line 814 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/mv_polynomial/comm_ring.lean : line 113 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/mv_polynomial/counit.lean : line 19 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/mv_polynomial/equiv.lean : line 104 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/mv_polynomial/equiv.lean : line 114 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/mv_polynomial/equiv.lean : line 116 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/mv_polynomial/equiv.lean : line 250 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/mv_polynomial/equiv.lean : line 94 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/mv_polynomial/invertible.lean : line 13 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/mv_polynomial/invertible.lean : line 23 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/mv_polynomial/monad.lean : line 197 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/mv_polynomial/monad.lean : line 247 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/mv_polynomial/monad.lean : line 263 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/mv_polynomial/monad.lean : line 66 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/mv_polynomial/variables.lean : line 182 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/mv_polynomial/variables.lean : line 24 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/mv_polynomial/variables.lean : line 245 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/mv_polynomial/variables.lean : line 247 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/mv_polynomial/variables.lean : line 28 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/mv_polynomial/variables.lean : line 31 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/mv_polynomial/variables.lean : line 34 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/mv_polynomial/variables.lean : line 621 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/nat/basic.lean : line 103 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/nat/basic.lean : line 864 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/nat/cast.lean : line 101 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/nat/cast.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/nat/dist.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/nat/enat.lean : line 309 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/nat/gcd.lean : line 182 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/nat/gcd.lean : line 266 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/nat/gcd.lean : line 277 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/nat/gcd.lean : line 54 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/nat/modeq.lean : line 200 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/nat/modeq.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/nat/multiplicity.lean : line 142 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/nat/multiplicity.lean : line 143 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/nat/multiplicity.lean : line 15 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/nat/multiplicity.lean : line 164 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/nat/pairing.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/nat/parity.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/nat/totient.lean : line 61 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/nat/totient.lean : line 71 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/nat/totient.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/option/basic.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/option/defs.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 166 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 170 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 171 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 181 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 230 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 257 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 259 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 277 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 278 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 282 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 290 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 291 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 298 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 300 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 354 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 378 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 383 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 391 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 395 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 413 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 433 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/padic_norm.lean : line 126 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/padic_norm.lean : line 139 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/padic_norm.lean : line 150 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/padic_norm.lean : line 162 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/padic_norm.lean : line 365 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/padic_norm.lean : line 396 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/padic_norm.lean : line 398 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/padic_numbers.lean : line 105 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/padic_numbers.lean : line 14 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/padic_numbers.lean : line 32 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/padic_numbers.lean : line 40 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/padic_numbers.lean : line 870 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/ring_homs.lean : line 640 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/pequiv.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/pfun.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/pfunctor/multivariate/M.lean : line 43 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/pfunctor/multivariate/W.lean : line 27 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/pfunctor/multivariate/W.lean : line 41 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/pfunctor/univariate/M.lean : line 167 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/pfunctor/univariate/M.lean : line 373 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/pfunctor/univariate/M.lean : line 455 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/pfunctor/univariate/M.lean : line 58 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/pnat/factors.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/pnat/intervals.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/pnat/xgcd.lean : line 25 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/pnat/xgcd.lean : line 327 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/pnat/xgcd.lean : line 328 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/polynomial/algebra_map.lean : line 54 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/polynomial/derivative.lean : line 183 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/polynomial/derivative.lean : line 184 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/polynomial/derivative.lean : line 220 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/polynomial/derivative.lean : line 51 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/polynomial/integral_normalization.lean : line 56 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/polynomial/iterated_deriv.lean : line 112 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/polynomial/iterated_deriv.lean : line 197 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/polynomial/iterated_deriv.lean : line 46 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/polynomial/ring_division.lean : line 89 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/qpf/multivariate/basic.lean : line 159 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/qpf/multivariate/basic.lean : line 252 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/qpf/multivariate/basic.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/qpf/multivariate/basic.lean : line 74 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/qpf/multivariate/constructions/cofix.lean : line 142 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/qpf/multivariate/constructions/cofix.lean : line 299 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/qpf/multivariate/constructions/cofix.lean : line 305 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/qpf/multivariate/constructions/cofix.lean : line 38 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/qpf/multivariate/constructions/fix.lean : line 23 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/qpf/multivariate/constructions/fix.lean : line 317 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/qpf/multivariate/constructions/fix.lean : line 48 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/qpf/multivariate/constructions/fix.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/qpf/univariate/basic.lean : line 35 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/rat/basic.lean : line 696 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/rat/basic.lean : line 702 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/rat/denumerable.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/rat/sqrt.lean : line 12 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/real/basic.lean : line 14 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/real/cardinality.lean : line 29 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/real/cau_seq_completion.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/rel.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/semiquot.lean : line 15 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/seq/computation.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/seq/parallel.lean : line 14 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/seq/seq.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/seq/wseq.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/set/basic.lean : line 2335 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/set/basic.lean : line 472 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/set/basic.lean : line 557 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/set/basic.lean : line 664 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/set/basic.lean : line 759 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/set/basic.lean : line 958 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/set/countable.lean : line 122 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/set/countable.lean : line 138 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/set/disjointed.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/set/enumerate.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/set/function.lean : line 420 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/set/lattice.lean : line 13 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/set/lattice.lean : line 453 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/set/lattice.lean : line 455 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/setoid/basic.lean : line 252 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/sigma/basic.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/string/basic.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/string/basic.lean : line 29 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/string/basic.lean : line 52 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/string/defs.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/subtype.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/sum.lean : line 152 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/sym.lean : line 135 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/sym2.lean : line 173 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/sym2.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/typevec.lean : line 248 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/typevec.lean : line 261 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/typevec.lean : line 290 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/typevec.lean : line 303 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/typevec.lean : line 314 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/typevec.lean : line 348 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/typevec.lean : line 361 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/typevec.lean : line 373 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/typevec.lean : line 434 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/typevec.lean : line 453 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/typevec.lean : line 469 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/typevec.lean : line 475 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/typevec.lean : line 497 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/ulift.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/vector2.lean : line 334 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/vector2.lean : line 339 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/vector2.lean : line 368 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/zmod/basic.lean : line 375 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/zsqrtd/basic.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/deprecated/group.lean : line 41 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/deprecated/ring.lean : line 11 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/deprecated/subfield.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/deprecated/subgroup.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/deprecated/subgroup.lean : line 140 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/deprecated/subgroup.lean : line 555 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/deprecated/subgroup.lean : line 560 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/deprecated/subgroup.lean : line 679 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/deprecated/subgroup.lean : line 73 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/deprecated/subring.lean : line 133 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/deprecated/subring.lean : line 15 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/deprecated/subring.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/dynamics/circle/rotation_number/translation_number.lean : line 264 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/field_theory/algebraic_closure.lean : line 239 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/field_theory/algebraic_closure.lean : line 66 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/field_theory/algebraic_closure.lean : line 91 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/field_theory/chevalley_warning.lean : line 144 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/field_theory/chevalley_warning.lean : line 80 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/field_theory/finite/basic.lean : line 21 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/field_theory/finite/basic.lean : line 54 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/field_theory/fixed.lean : line 27 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/field_theory/fixed.lean : line 77 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/field_theory/intermediate_field.lean : line 150 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/field_theory/intermediate_field.lean : line 155 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/field_theory/minimal_polynomial.lean : line 102 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/field_theory/minimal_polynomial.lean : line 250 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/field_theory/minimal_polynomial.lean : line 319 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/field_theory/mv_polynomial.lean : line 13 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/field_theory/primitive_element.lean : line 29 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/field_theory/splitting_field.lean : line 15 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/field_theory/splitting_field.lean : line 377 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/field_theory/splitting_field.lean : line 379 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/field_theory/splitting_field.lean : line 382 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/field_theory/splitting_field.lean : line 439 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/field_theory/splitting_field.lean : line 489 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/field_theory/splitting_field.lean : line 504 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/field_theory/splitting_field.lean : line 580 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/field_theory/splitting_field.lean : line 76 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/field_theory/splitting_field.lean : line 77 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/field_theory/subfield.lean : line 449 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/euclidean/basic.lean : line 13 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/geometry/euclidean/basic.lean : line 196 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/euclidean/basic.lean : line 440 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/euclidean/basic.lean : line 874 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/euclidean/circumcenter.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/geometry/euclidean/circumcenter.lean : line 547 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/euclidean/circumcenter.lean : line 837 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/euclidean/circumcenter.lean : line 842 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/euclidean/circumcenter.lean : line 846 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/euclidean/monge_point.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/geometry/euclidean/triangle.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/geometry/euclidean/triangle.lean : line 99 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/algebra/monoid.lean : line 107 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/algebra/monoid.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/geometry/manifold/algebra/structures.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/geometry/manifold/basic_smooth_bundle.lean : line 190 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/basic_smooth_bundle.lean : line 205 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/basic_smooth_bundle.lean : line 219 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/basic_smooth_bundle.lean : line 391 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/basic_smooth_bundle.lean : line 41 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/basic_smooth_bundle.lean : line 421 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/basic_smooth_bundle.lean : line 563 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/charted_space.lean : line 488 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/charted_space.lean : line 490 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/charted_space.lean : line 493 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/charted_space.lean : line 541 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/charted_space.lean : line 813 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/charted_space.lean : line 858 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/instances/real.lean : line 18 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/instances/real.lean : line 303 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/instances/real.lean : line 79 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/local_invariant_properties.lean : line 211 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/local_invariant_properties.lean : line 216 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/local_invariant_properties.lean : line 388 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/local_invariant_properties.lean : line 433 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/mfderiv.lean : line 1139 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/mfderiv.lean : line 1290 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/mfderiv.lean : line 1324 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/mfderiv.lean : line 213 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/mfderiv.lean : line 220 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/mfderiv.lean : line 297 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/mfderiv.lean : line 316 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/mfderiv.lean : line 320 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/mfderiv.lean : line 409 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/mfderiv.lean : line 514 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/mfderiv.lean : line 63 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/mfderiv.lean : line 647 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/mfderiv.lean : line 652 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/mfderiv.lean : line 713 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/mfderiv.lean : line 786 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/smooth_manifold_with_corners.lean : line 170 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/times_cont_mdiff.lean : line 1280 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/times_cont_mdiff.lean : line 1540 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/times_cont_mdiff.lean : line 244 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/times_cont_mdiff.lean : line 255 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/times_cont_mdiff.lean : line 266 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/times_cont_mdiff.lean : line 277 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/times_cont_mdiff.lean : line 293 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/times_cont_mdiff.lean : line 331 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/times_cont_mdiff.lean : line 398 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/times_cont_mdiff.lean : line 497 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/times_cont_mdiff.lean : line 523 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/times_cont_mdiff.lean : line 900 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/abelianization.lean : line 13 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/group_theory/archimedean.lean : line 43 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/coset.lean : line 259 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/coset.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/group_theory/eckmann_hilton.lean : line 98 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/free_abelian_group.lean : line 14 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/group_theory/free_abelian_group.lean : line 173 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/free_abelian_group.lean : line 179 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/free_abelian_group.lean : line 206 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/free_abelian_group.lean : line 209 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/free_abelian_group.lean : line 212 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/free_abelian_group.lean : line 221 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/free_abelian_group.lean : line 224 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/free_abelian_group.lean : line 227 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/free_abelian_group.lean : line 232 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/free_abelian_group.lean : line 237 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/free_abelian_group.lean : line 240 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/free_abelian_group.lean : line 243 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/free_abelian_group.lean : line 34 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/free_group.lean : line 129 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/free_group.lean : line 176 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/free_group.lean : line 18 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/group_theory/free_group.lean : line 180 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/free_group.lean : line 672 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/free_group.lean : line 737 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/order_of_element.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/group_theory/order_of_element.lean : line 392 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/order_of_element.lean : line 432 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/order_of_element.lean : line 442 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/order_of_element.lean : line 472 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/order_of_element.lean : line 517 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/order_of_element.lean : line 519 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/perm/cycles.lean : line 124 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/perm/cycles.lean : line 127 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/perm/cycles.lean : line 138 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/perm/cycles.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/group_theory/perm/sign.lean : line 118 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/perm/sign.lean : line 125 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/perm/sign.lean : line 128 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/perm/sign.lean : line 131 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/perm/sign.lean : line 161 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/perm/sign.lean : line 258 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/perm/sign.lean : line 287 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/perm/sign.lean : line 469 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/perm/sign.lean : line 52 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/perm/sign.lean : line 610 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/perm/sign.lean : line 644 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/perm/sign.lean : line 651 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/perm/sign.lean : line 654 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/perm/sign.lean : line 657 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/perm/sign.lean : line 658 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/perm/sign.lean : line 659 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/presented_group.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/group_theory/presented_group.lean : line 51 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/quotient_group.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/group_theory/semidirect_product.lean : line 52 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/subgroup.lean : line 377 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/subgroup.lean : line 814 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/subgroup.lean : line 849 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/submonoid/operations.lean : line 560 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/group_theory/sylow.lean : line 13 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/linear_algebra/basis.lean : line 93 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/linear_algebra/char_poly/coeff.lean : line 190 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/linear_algebra/char_poly/coeff.lean : line 24 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/linear_algebra/char_poly/coeff.lean : line 26 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/linear_algebra/determinant.lean : line 13 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/linear_algebra/determinant.lean : line 233 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/linear_algebra/direct_sum/finsupp.lean : line 24 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/linear_algebra/direct_sum/tensor_product.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/linear_algebra/dual.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/linear_algebra/finite_dimensional.lean : line 187 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/linear_algebra/finite_dimensional.lean : line 331 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/linear_algebra/finite_dimensional.lean : line 488 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/linear_algebra/finite_dimensional.lean : line 492 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/linear_algebra/finite_dimensional.lean : line 539 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/linear_algebra/finite_dimensional.lean : line 595 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/linear_algebra/finite_dimensional.lean : line 745 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/linear_algebra/finite_dimensional.lean : line 787 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/linear_algebra/finsupp_vector_space.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/linear_algebra/lagrange.lean : line 99 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/linear_algebra/linear_independent.lean : line 649 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/linear_algebra/linear_independent.lean : line 692 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/linear_algebra/linear_independent.lean : line 696 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/linear_algebra/linear_independent.lean : line 886 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/linear_algebra/matrix.lean : line 711 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/linear_algebra/matrix.lean : line 724 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/linear_algebra/matrix.lean : line 865 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/linear_algebra/multilinear.lean : line 126 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/linear_algebra/multilinear.lean : line 524 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/linear_algebra/multilinear.lean : line 63 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/linear_algebra/multilinear.lean : line 78 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/linear_algebra/special_linear_group.lean : line 53 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/logic/function/basic.lean : line 324 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/logic/function/basic.lean : line 498 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/logic/function/basic.lean : line 538 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/logic/relation.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/logic/relator.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/measure_theory/category/Meas.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/measure_theory/decomposition.lean : line 14 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/measure_theory/measure_space.lean : line 1720 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/measure_theory/measure_space.lean : line 65 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/coinductive_predicates.lean : line 115 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/coinductive_predicates.lean : line 12 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/coinductive_predicates.lean : line 281 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/coinductive_predicates.lean : line 296 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/coinductive_predicates.lean : line 303 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/coinductive_predicates.lean : line 438 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/coinductive_predicates.lean : line 448 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/coinductive_predicates.lean : line 488 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/coinductive_predicates.lean : line 76 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/coinductive_predicates.lean : line 77 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/coinductive_predicates.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/meta/expr.lean : line 460 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/expr.lean : line 715 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/expr.lean : line 750 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/expr.lean : line 971 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/expr_lens.lean : line 130 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/rb_map.lean : line 14 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/basic.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/number_theory/dioph.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/number_theory/lucas_lehmer.lean : line 401 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 106 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 138 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 139 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 141 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 144 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 145 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 149 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 168 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 196 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 311 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 350 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 352 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 356 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 368 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 369 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 380 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 389 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 426 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 436 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 442 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 453 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 459 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 462 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 466 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 470 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 472 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 486 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 68 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pell.lean : line 69 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/primorial.lean : line 123 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/primorial.lean : line 130 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/primorial.lean : line 138 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/primorial.lean : line 146 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/primorial.lean : line 147 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/primorial.lean : line 39 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pythagorean_triples.lean : line 179 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pythagorean_triples.lean : line 283 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pythagorean_triples.lean : line 284 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pythagorean_triples.lean : line 315 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pythagorean_triples.lean : line 419 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/pythagorean_triples.lean : line 82 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/quadratic_reciprocity.lean : line 443 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/number_theory/sum_four_squares.lean : line 21 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/order/basic.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/order/boolean_algebra.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/order/bounded_lattice.lean : line 14 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/order/bounded_lattice.lean : line 226 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/bounded_lattice.lean : line 230 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/bounded_lattice.lean : line 234 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/bounded_lattice.lean : line 238 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/complete_boolean_algebra.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/order/complete_lattice.lean : line 201 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/complete_lattice.lean : line 204 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/conditionally_complete_lattice.lean : line 485 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/conditionally_complete_lattice.lean : line 707 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/conditionally_complete_lattice.lean : line 719 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/conditionally_complete_lattice.lean : line 850 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/directed.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/order/filter/bases.lean : line 251 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/bases.lean : line 259 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/bases.lean : line 40 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/bases.lean : line 625 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/bases.lean : line 86 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/basic.lean : line 1334 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/basic.lean : line 147 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/basic.lean : line 1474 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/basic.lean : line 1480 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/basic.lean : line 1497 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/basic.lean : line 1783 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/basic.lean : line 1935 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/basic.lean : line 2063 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/basic.lean : line 2308 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/basic.lean : line 669 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/basic.lean : line 679 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/extr.lean : line 301 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/extr.lean : line 66 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/lift.lean : line 146 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/lift.lean : line 247 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/lift.lean : line 262 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/lift.lean : line 328 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/partial.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/order/fixed_points.lean : line 203 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/fixed_points.lean : line 207 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 153 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 162 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 171 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 338 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 344 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 348 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 358 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 368 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 369 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 422 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 504 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 510 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 514 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 524 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 534 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/lattice.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/order/lexicographic.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/order/lexicographic.lean : line 169 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/lexicographic.lean : line 172 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/lexicographic.lean : line 70 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/omega_complete_partial_order.lean : line 110 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/omega_complete_partial_order.lean : line 202 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/omega_complete_partial_order.lean : line 428 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/omega_complete_partial_order.lean : line 441 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/omega_complete_partial_order.lean : line 452 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/omega_complete_partial_order.lean : line 466 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/omega_complete_partial_order.lean : line 483 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/omega_complete_partial_order.lean : line 51 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/omega_complete_partial_order.lean : line 510 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/omega_complete_partial_order.lean : line 614 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/omega_complete_partial_order.lean : line 619 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/omega_complete_partial_order.lean : line 623 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/omega_complete_partial_order.lean : line 627 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/omega_complete_partial_order.lean : line 683 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/omega_complete_partial_order.lean : line 699 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/omega_complete_partial_order.lean : line 818 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/omega_complete_partial_order.lean : line 820 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/ord_continuous.lean : line 248 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/order_iso_nat.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/order/pilex.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/order/pilex.lean : line 92 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/preorder_hom.lean : line 124 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/preorder_hom.lean : line 131 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/rel_iso.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/order/zorn.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/order/zorn.lean : line 121 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/zorn.lean : line 235 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/zorn.lean : line 241 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/zorn.lean : line 47 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/algebra_tower.lean : line 213 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/algebra_tower.lean : line 228 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/algebra_tower.lean : line 277 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/algebra_tower.lean : line 421 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/dedekind_domain.lean : line 112 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/dedekind_domain.lean : line 21 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/dedekind_domain.lean : line 23 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/dedekind_domain.lean : line 25 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/dedekind_domain.lean : line 84 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/derivation.lean : line 207 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/free_comm_ring.lean : line 109 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/free_comm_ring.lean : line 112 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/free_comm_ring.lean : line 187 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/free_comm_ring.lean : line 200 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/free_comm_ring.lean : line 215 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/free_comm_ring.lean : line 219 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/free_comm_ring.lean : line 259 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/free_comm_ring.lean : line 261 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/free_comm_ring.lean : line 263 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/free_ring.lean : line 83 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/free_ring.lean : line 86 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/ideal/basic.lean : line 58 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/ideal/operations.lean : line 1264 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/ideal/operations.lean : line 138 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/ideal/operations.lean : line 142 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/ideal/operations.lean : line 143 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/ideal/operations.lean : line 302 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/ideal/operations.lean : line 320 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/ideal/operations.lean : line 374 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/ideal/operations.lean : line 436 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/ideal/operations.lean : line 439 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/ideal/operations.lean : line 440 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/ideal/operations.lean : line 441 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/ideal/operations.lean : line 46 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/ideal/operations.lean : line 545 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/ideal/operations.lean : line 568 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/ideal/operations.lean : line 865 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/ideal/operations.lean : line 93 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/ideal/operations.lean : line 95 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/ideal/operations.lean : line 991 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/integral_closure.lean : line 118 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/integral_closure.lean : line 123 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/integral_closure.lean : line 199 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/integral_closure.lean : line 444 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/integral_closure.lean : line 553 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/integral_domain.lean : line 104 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/integral_domain.lean : line 124 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/integral_domain.lean : line 129 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/integral_domain.lean : line 144 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/integral_domain.lean : line 158 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/jacobson.lean : line 228 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/jacobson.lean : line 363 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/jacobson.lean : line 366 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/jacobson.lean : line 88 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/jacobson_ideal.lean : line 148 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/jacobson_ideal.lean : line 248 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/jacobson_ideal.lean : line 279 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/jacobson_ideal.lean : line 291 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/jacobson_ideal.lean : line 295 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/jacobson_ideal.lean : line 67 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/jacobson_ideal.lean : line 87 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/jacobson_ideal.lean : line 97 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/localization.lean : line 1191 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/localization.lean : line 1215 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/localization.lean : line 1364 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/localization.lean : line 1552 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/localization.lean : line 873 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/multiplicity.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/ring_theory/multiplicity.lean : line 142 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/multiplicity.lean : line 321 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/multiplicity.lean : line 322 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/noetherian.lean : line 178 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/noetherian.lean : line 372 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/noetherian.lean : line 392 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/noetherian.lean : line 394 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/noetherian.lean : line 561 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/noetherian.lean : line 565 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/polynomial/basic.lean : line 135 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/polynomial/basic.lean : line 137 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/polynomial/basic.lean : line 147 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/polynomial/basic.lean : line 25 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/ring_theory/polynomial/basic.lean : line 385 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/polynomial/basic.lean : line 500 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/polynomial/basic.lean : line 56 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/polynomial/basic.lean : line 69 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/polynomial/basic.lean : line 701 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/polynomial/scale_roots.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/ring_theory/polynomial/scale_roots.lean : line 89 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/polynomial/scale_roots.lean : line 92 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/power_series.lean : line 189 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/power_series.lean : line 194 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/power_series.lean : line 690 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/power_series.lean : line 693 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/principal_ideal_domain.lean : line 121 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/principal_ideal_domain.lean : line 124 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/roots_of_unity.lean : line 149 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/subring.lean : line 408 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/subring.lean : line 415 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/subring.lean : line 459 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/subring.lean : line 481 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/subring.lean : line 484 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/subring.lean : line 743 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/tensor_product.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/ring_theory/tensor_product.lean : line 490 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/unique_factorization_domain.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/ring_theory/unique_factorization_domain.lean : line 111 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/unique_factorization_domain.lean : line 136 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/unique_factorization_domain.lean : line 313 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/unique_factorization_domain.lean : line 355 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/unique_factorization_domain.lean : line 728 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/witt_vector/witt_polynomial.lean : line 13 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/ring_theory/witt_vector/witt_polynomial.lean : line 137 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/witt_vector/witt_polynomial.lean : line 232 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/ring_theory/witt_vector/witt_polynomial.lean : line 283 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/cardinal.lean : line 1032 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/cardinal.lean : line 1036 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/cardinal.lean : line 104 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/cardinal.lean : line 470 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/cardinal.lean : line 862 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/cardinal_ordinal.lean : line 253 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/cofinality.lean : line 343 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/cofinality.lean : line 359 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/game/impartial.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/set_theory/game/nim.lean : line 83 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/game/nim.lean : line 86 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/game/nim.lean : line 91 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/game/nim.lean : line 94 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/lists.lean : line 13 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/set_theory/ordinal.lean : line 1131 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/ordinal_arithmetic.lean : line 1271 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/ordinal_arithmetic.lean : line 1578 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/schroeder_bernstein.lean : line 103 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/schroeder_bernstein.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/set_theory/surreal.lean : line 366 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/zfc.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/system/random/basic.lean : line 130 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/system/random/basic.lean : line 287 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/system/random/basic.lean : line 290 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/abel.lean : line 276 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/algebra.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/apply_fun.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/auto_cases.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/cache.lean : line 87 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/chain.lean : line 13 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/chain.lean : line 32 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/chain.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/chain.lean : line 87 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/converter/binders.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/converter/binders.lean : line 31 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/converter/interactive.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/converter/interactive.lean : line 53 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/converter/old_conv.lean : line 272 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/converter/old_conv.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/core.lean : line 17 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/core.lean : line 2147 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/core.lean : line 2308 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/delta_instance.lean : line 56 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/delta_instance.lean : line 66 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/delta_instance.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/elide.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/equiv_rw.lean : line 174 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/equiv_rw.lean : line 223 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/equiv_rw.lean : line 260 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/equiv_rw.lean : line 42 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/equiv_rw.lean : line 97 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/ext.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/fin_cases.lean : line 120 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/fin_cases.lean : line 13 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/find.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/find_unused.lean : line 44 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/finish.lean : line 338 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/finish.lean : line 425 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/finish.lean : line 485 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/generalize_proofs.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/generalizes.lean : line 118 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/group.lean : line 36 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/hint.lean : line 57 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/hint.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/induction.lean : line 1252 : ERR_RNT : Reserved notation outside tactic.reserved_notation
src/tactic/interactive.lean : line 1117 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive.lean : line 379 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive.lean : line 703 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/interactive.lean : line 906 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 153 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 173 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 177 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 185 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 186 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 232 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 242 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 368 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 413 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 439 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 444 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 76 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interval_cases.lean : line 192 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interval_cases.lean : line 230 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interval_cases.lean : line 233 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interval_cases.lean : line 241 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interval_cases.lean : line 32 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/lean_core_docs.lean : line 733 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lean_core_docs.lean : line 766 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lift.lean : line 78 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/datatypes.lean : line 118 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/datatypes.lean : line 233 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/datatypes.lean : line 243 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/datatypes.lean : line 276 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/datatypes.lean : line 301 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/elimination.lean : line 121 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/frontend.lean : line 156 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/frontend.lean : line 250 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/frontend.lean : line 256 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/frontend.lean : line 259 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/frontend.lean : line 260 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/lemmas.lean : line 22 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/lemmas.lean : line 23 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/lemmas.lean : line 26 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/lemmas.lean : line 27 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/lemmas.lean : line 31 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/lemmas.lean : line 34 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/lemmas.lean : line 37 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/lemmas.lean : line 74 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/lemmas.lean : line 79 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/parsing.lean : line 19 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/preprocessing.lean : line 223 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/preprocessing.lean : line 254 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/preprocessing.lean : line 255 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/preprocessing.lean : line 300 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/default.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/lint/default.lean : line 38 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/default.lean : line 40 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/default.lean : line 42 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/default.lean : line 44 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/default.lean : line 45 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/default.lean : line 46 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/frontend.lean : line 153 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/misc.lean : line 78 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/simp.lean : line 116 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/simp.lean : line 122 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/type_classes.lean : line 145 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/type_classes.lean : line 183 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/type_classes.lean : line 189 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/type_classes.lean : line 192 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/type_classes.lean : line 274 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/local_cache.lean : line 193 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/local_cache.lean : line 219 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/local_cache.lean : line 29 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/local_cache.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/monotonicity/basic.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/monotonicity/interactive.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/monotonicity/interactive.lean : line 191 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/monotonicity/interactive.lean : line 466 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/monotonicity/interactive.lean : line 468 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/monotonicity/interactive.lean : line 489 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/monotonicity/lemmas.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/noncomm_ring.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/norm_cast.lean : line 560 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/norm_cast.lean : line 751 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/nth_rewrite/basic.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/nth_rewrite/congr.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/nth_rewrite/default.lean : line 110 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/nth_rewrite/default.lean : line 113 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/omega/clause.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/coeffs.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/eq_elim.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/find_ees.lean : line 152 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/omega/find_ees.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/find_scalars.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/int/dnf.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/int/form.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/int/main.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/int/preterm.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/lin_comb.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/main.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/misc.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/nat/dnf.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/nat/dnf.lean : line 76 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/omega/nat/form.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/nat/main.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/nat/main.lean : line 97 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/omega/nat/neg_elim.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/nat/preterm.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/nat/sub_elim.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/prove_unsats.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/term.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/push_neg.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/push_neg.lean : line 180 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/push_neg.lean : line 181 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/push_neg.lean : line 183 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/push_neg.lean : line 184 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/restate_axiom.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/rewrite.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/rewrite_all/basic.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/ring.lean : line 515 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/ring.lean : line 546 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/ring.lean : line 618 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/ring2.lean : line 482 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/ring_exp.lean : line 1549 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/show_term.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/simp_result.lean : line 94 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/simp_rw.lean : line 44 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/simpa.lean : line 38 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/simpa.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/simps.lean : line 404 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/simps.lean : line 435 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/slice.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/slim_check.lean : line 186 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/slim_check.lean : line 188 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/slim_check.lean : line 189 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/slim_check.lean : line 196 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/slim_check.lean : line 197 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/slim_check.lean : line 198 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/slim_check.lean : line 199 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/slim_check.lean : line 203 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/slim_check.lean : line 205 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/solve_by_elim.lean : line 161 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/solve_by_elim.lean : line 175 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/solve_by_elim.lean : line 99 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/split_ifs.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/split_ifs.lean : line 56 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/squeeze.lean : line 155 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/squeeze.lean : line 209 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/squeeze.lean : line 211 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/squeeze.lean : line 284 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/squeeze.lean : line 298 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/squeeze.lean : line 318 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/squeeze.lean : line 340 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/squeeze.lean : line 57 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/squeeze.lean : line 85 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/squeeze.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/subtype_instance.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/tauto.lean : line 35 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/tauto.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/tfae.lean : line 13 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/tidy.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/tidy.lean : line 45 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/transfer.lean : line 101 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/transfer.lean : line 111 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/transfer.lean : line 112 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/transfer.lean : line 113 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/transfer.lean : line 6 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/transform_decl.lean : line 32 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/transform_decl.lean : line 40 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/transform_decl.lean : line 43 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/transform_decl.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/transport.lean : line 44 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/trunc_cases.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/wlog.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/wlog.lean : line 181 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/wlog.lean : line 198 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/wlog.lean : line 218 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/wlog.lean : line 95 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/wlog.lean : line 97 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/functions.lean : line 113 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/functions.lean : line 133 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/functions.lean : line 140 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/functions.lean : line 162 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/functions.lean : line 211 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/functions.lean : line 263 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/functions.lean : line 269 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/functions.lean : line 307 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/functions.lean : line 332 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/functions.lean : line 401 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/functions.lean : line 402 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/functions.lean : line 411 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/functions.lean : line 415 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/functions.lean : line 80 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/gen.lean : line 133 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/gen.lean : line 144 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/gen.lean : line 156 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/gen.lean : line 83 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/sampleable.lean : line 178 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/sampleable.lean : line 183 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/sampleable.lean : line 190 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/sampleable.lean : line 199 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/sampleable.lean : line 225 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/sampleable.lean : line 348 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/sampleable.lean : line 349 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/sampleable.lean : line 350 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/sampleable.lean : line 468 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/sampleable.lean : line 550 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/sampleable.lean : line 562 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/sampleable.lean : line 570 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/sampleable.lean : line 664 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/sampleable.lean : line 670 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/sampleable.lean : line 672 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/sampleable.lean : line 682 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/sampleable.lean : line 688 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/sampleable.lean : line 710 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/sampleable.lean : line 723 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 273 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 372 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 373 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 487 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 490 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 493 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 504 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 521 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 531 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 538 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 541 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 558 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 560 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 591 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 596 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 601 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 606 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 741 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/continuous_functions.lean : line 117 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/continuous_functions.lean : line 244 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/continuous_functions.lean : line 87 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/floor_ring.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/algebra/floor_ring.lean : line 183 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/floor_ring.lean : line 187 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/group.lean : line 516 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/group.lean : line 526 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/group.lean : line 545 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/group_completion.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/algebra/group_completion.lean : line 84 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/group_completion.lean : line 90 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/group_completion.lean : line 97 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/group_completion.lean : line 99 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/infinite_sum.lean : line 713 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/module.lean : line 1080 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/module.lean : line 1090 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/module.lean : line 300 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/module.lean : line 522 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/module.lean : line 554 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/module.lean : line 608 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/module.lean : line 675 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/multilinear.lean : line 185 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/multilinear.lean : line 245 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/multilinear.lean : line 46 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/multilinear.lean : line 60 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/open_subgroup.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/algebra/ordered.lean : line 1678 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/ordered.lean : line 41 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/ordered.lean : line 430 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/ordered.lean : line 434 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/ring.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/algebra/uniform_group.lean : line 103 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/uniform_group.lean : line 108 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/uniform_group.lean : line 171 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/uniform_group.lean : line 215 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/uniform_group.lean : line 345 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/uniform_group.lean : line 362 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/uniform_group.lean : line 421 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/uniform_ring.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/algebra/uniform_ring.lean : line 148 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/bases.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/bases.lean : line 179 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/bases.lean : line 199 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/bases.lean : line 45 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/bases.lean : line 49 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/bases.lean : line 68 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/basic.lean : line 168 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/basic.lean : line 257 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/basic.lean : line 259 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/basic.lean : line 341 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/basic.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/bounded_continuous_function.lean : line 164 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/bounded_continuous_function.lean : line 324 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/bounded_continuous_function.lean : line 66 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/bounded_continuous_function.lean : line 67 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/category/Top/adjunctions.lean : line 16 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/category/Top/adjunctions.lean : line 26 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/category/Top/adjunctions.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/category/Top/basic.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/category/Top/epi_mono.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/category/Top/limits.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/category/Top/limits.lean : line 30 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/category/Top/limits.lean : line 32 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/category/Top/limits.lean : line 33 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/category/Top/limits.lean : line 43 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/category/Top/limits.lean : line 61 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/category/Top/limits.lean : line 63 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/category/Top/limits.lean : line 64 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/category/Top/limits.lean : line 72 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/category/Top/limits.lean : line 74 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/category/Top/limits.lean : line 78 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/category/Top/open_nhds.lean : line 45 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/category/Top/open_nhds.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/category/TopCommRing.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/category/UniformSpace.lean : line 58 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/category/UniformSpace.lean : line 86 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/compact_open.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/constructions.lean : line 215 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/continuous_on.lean : line 316 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/continuous_on.lean : line 331 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/dense_embedding.lean : line 231 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/dense_embedding.lean : line 276 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/dense_embedding.lean : line 294 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/dense_embedding.lean : line 97 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/homeomorph.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/instances/nnreal.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/instances/real.lean : line 128 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/list.lean : line 87 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/local_extr.lean : line 122 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/local_extr.lean : line 255 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/local_extr.lean : line 261 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/local_extr.lean : line 267 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/local_homeomorph.lean : line 498 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/local_homeomorph.lean : line 509 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/basic.lean : line 109 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/basic.lean : line 1307 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/basic.lean : line 15 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/metric_space/basic.lean : line 1670 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/basic.lean : line 330 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/basic.lean : line 448 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/basic.lean : line 774 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/basic.lean : line 801 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/closeds.lean : line 12 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/closeds.lean : line 138 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/closeds.lean : line 188 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/closeds.lean : line 190 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/closeds.lean : line 265 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/emetric_space.lean : line 19 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/emetric_space.lean : line 318 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/emetric_space.lean : line 36 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/emetric_space.lean : line 757 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/emetric_space.lean : line 767 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/emetric_space.lean : line 93 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gluing.lean : line 107 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gluing.lean : line 125 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gluing.lean : line 143 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gluing.lean : line 161 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gluing.lean : line 176 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gluing.lean : line 181 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gluing.lean : line 191 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gluing.lean : line 192 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gluing.lean : line 196 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gluing.lean : line 201 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gluing.lean : line 211 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gluing.lean : line 212 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gluing.lean : line 314 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gluing.lean : line 34 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 131 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 132 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 139 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 155 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 165 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 205 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 244 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 263 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 329 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 333 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 382 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 384 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 410 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 425 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 504 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 505 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 531 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 536 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 540 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 61 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 649 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 720 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 790 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 821 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 835 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 84 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 932 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 99 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff_realized.lean : line 103 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff_realized.lean : line 106 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff_realized.lean : line 139 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff_realized.lean : line 150 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff_realized.lean : line 151 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff_realized.lean : line 188 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff_realized.lean : line 196 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff_realized.lean : line 234 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff_realized.lean : line 404 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff_realized.lean : line 75 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff_realized.lean : line 77 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/hausdorff_distance.lean : line 211 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/hausdorff_distance.lean : line 234 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/hausdorff_distance.lean : line 235 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/hausdorff_distance.lean : line 269 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/hausdorff_distance.lean : line 274 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/hausdorff_distance.lean : line 275 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/hausdorff_distance.lean : line 314 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/hausdorff_distance.lean : line 323 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/hausdorff_distance.lean : line 327 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/hausdorff_distance.lean : line 37 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/hausdorff_distance.lean : line 389 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/hausdorff_distance.lean : line 425 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/hausdorff_distance.lean : line 444 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/hausdorff_distance.lean : line 457 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/hausdorff_distance.lean : line 531 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/hausdorff_distance.lean : line 704 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/hausdorff_distance.lean : line 722 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/isometry.lean : line 318 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/isometry.lean : line 326 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/isometry.lean : line 344 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/isometry.lean : line 356 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/isometry.lean : line 358 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/isometry.lean : line 392 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/isometry.lean : line 70 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/lipschitz.lean : line 74 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/premetric_space.lean : line 82 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/omega_complete_partial_order.lean : line 85 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/opens.lean : line 149 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/order.lean : line 296 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/order.lean : line 409 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/order.lean : line 96 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/path_connected.lean : line 429 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/path_connected.lean : line 433 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/path_connected.lean : line 583 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/path_connected.lean : line 591 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/path_connected.lean : line 655 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/separation.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/separation.lean : line 390 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/separation.lean : line 456 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/separation.lean : line 543 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/separation.lean : line 546 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sequences.lean : line 183 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sequences.lean : line 210 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sequences.lean : line 274 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sequences.lean : line 312 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/forget.lean : line 147 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/presheaf.lean : line 106 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/presheaf.lean : line 40 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/presheaf.lean : line 57 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/presheaf.lean : line 58 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/presheaf.lean : line 94 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/presheaf.lean : line 97 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/presheaf_of_functions.lean : line 80 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/sheaf.lean : line 89 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/sheaf.lean : line 91 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/sheaf_condition/equalizer_products.lean : line 230 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/sheaf_condition/equalizer_products.lean : line 231 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/sheaf_condition/pairwise_intersections.lean : line 102 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/sheaf_condition/pairwise_intersections.lean : line 106 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/sheaf_condition/pairwise_intersections.lean : line 111 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/sheaf_condition/pairwise_intersections.lean : line 116 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/sheaf_condition/pairwise_intersections.lean : line 281 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/sheaf_condition/pairwise_intersections.lean : line 294 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/sheaf_condition/pairwise_intersections.lean : line 315 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/sheaf_condition/pairwise_intersections.lean : line 326 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/sheaf_condition/pairwise_intersections.lean : line 55 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/sheaf_of_functions.lean : line 168 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/stalks.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/sheaves/stalks.lean : line 128 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/stalks.lean : line 133 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/subset_properties.lean : line 1123 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/subset_properties.lean : line 1295 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/subset_properties.lean : line 1384 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/subset_properties.lean : line 663 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/subset_properties.lean : line 69 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/subset_properties.lean : line 769 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/tactic.lean : line 84 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/topological_fiber_bundle.lean : line 135 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/absolute_value.lean : line 71 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/basic.lean : line 1014 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/basic.lean : line 1126 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/basic.lean : line 1195 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/basic.lean : line 1208 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/basic.lean : line 1211 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/basic.lean : line 1308 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/basic.lean : line 1318 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/basic.lean : line 1323 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/basic.lean : line 1330 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/basic.lean : line 220 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/basic.lean : line 385 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/basic.lean : line 574 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/basic.lean : line 655 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/basic.lean : line 814 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/basic.lean : line 819 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/basic.lean : line 916 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/basic.lean : line 919 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/compact_separated.lean : line 128 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/completion.lean : line 150 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/completion.lean : line 258 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/completion.lean : line 295 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/completion.lean : line 416 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/completion.lean : line 456 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/completion.lean : line 467 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/completion.lean : line 523 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/completion.lean : line 528 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/separation.lean : line 125 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/separation.lean : line 284 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/separation.lean : line 314 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/separation.lean : line 324 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/separation.lean : line 420 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/separation.lean : line 429 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/separation.lean : line 431 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/separation.lean : line 46 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/uniform_convergence.lean : line 320 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/uniform_embedding.lean : line 348 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/uniform_embedding.lean : line 395 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/uniform_embedding.lean : line 402 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
